The impact that you can have as an engineer and particularly computer
scientists are amazing. So when I was in the military I did a job and
I noticed that whatever I did on January 1st wouldn't really be recognized
on December 31st, it's because I'm doing the same job. That's
fine for a lot of people, but for me I chose to try something different
than the military job that I was doing because I wanted my job
to be persistent. So this is what I mean. Right now I'm with the University
of Southern California's Institute for Creative Technology
making this video. This video could be seen by thousands, hundreds
of thousands, hopefully millions of other Navy people. I could affect
those lives. These are things that are going to be happening you know
five years from now, ten years from now. So I can actually affect
my world. Many engineering communities are like that. If you're making
a robot right, if you make that robot on January 1st, hopefully
December 31st you're shipping that robot, and that robot will go to
Afghanistan and find a bomb you know. If you're an electrical technician,
maybe you're making some kind of new component for a car and
later on that car is gonna be faster because of the component you made. So
for a lot of engineering jobs you work and then you create a
component, you create a product, and then you can see that product in
action, and that's one of the biggest benefits of being in a STEM
field.